Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
The app that I showed you some time ago, called "The Dark Knight and The White Demon King"
Has just done a commercial for the TV!
(≧∀≦)
With that being said, I will be showing you what's new on the most recent update...
... Version 2.0,  released on September 19.
Big update, version 2.0!
1) Fast Mode
2) Goisuu Points
3) A store for Goisuu points and increase of the deck.
4) A total bonus for logging in
5) Rewards have been increased
6) Decisive Combat
7) Guild battles and changes in class points
8) Missions with multiple options
9) Rewards for repeatable missions
10) New episodes have been added
11) New and free stickers for everyone
12) A new summoning where you can get every single character from the festivals
13) Added other improvements
I'm tired.
With that being said...
... There are a lot of changes, but...
... I'll show you every single one of them...
... Although, it is possible that the duration of this video is not enough, so...
Let's do some summonings!
Personally, what I like the most of this game is...
You know...
... I enjoy watching cute girls and...
... I wonder if I can make them feel what I feel.
The girls that I want but I don't have yet are...
Heru, Aphrodite, Gabrielle, Leviathan, Freya, Hera, Belt, Wadatsumi, Armaiti, Michael, Ame no Uzume...
...Amaterasu, Jeanne d'Arc,  Metatron, Ameretat, Tsukuyomi, Nidhug, Paimon, Dorothy.
Nidhug is the one that I want the most!
In that case, I'll start now.
First, I'll do the limited summoning of 10 characters per day called "Treasure Summoning"
*The "Treasure Summoning" ends on September 24*
Let's do it!
I have more chances of getting Nidhug-chan, so here I come.
I can do it!
Ah, eh? Maybe I won't get her.
Eh?
I will do it, right?
And now...!
Now...! Yes!
Oh! Oh!
Just a little more!
Ah! Eh? Eh?
Hmm...?
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah!
This is my chance!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Aaaahhh!
That's not the one that I wanted but she's adorable!
Amazing!
Amaterasu-chan!
She's so adorable! She's floating.
Is she...
Is she wearing a miko dress?
(Japanese Priestess)
This kind of...
... Japanese clothes are amazing, don't you think so?
*Let me hear what you have to say.*
Ah, man. You're so adorable!
*I hope that something good will happen to you*
Thank you very much.
Oh! You also get an extra reward.
I wonder what will I get. Hoi!
Ah! I won the big prize!
Amazing, I'm so lucky.
In that case, now...
I'm going to do the Wizard Summoning.
There she is, right?
Nidhug-chan.
Come to me!
One, two...
Alright, let's go!
And now...!
Yes!
One more...!
... Time!
Eeeehhh? Ah!
AH!
*Ai-chan is feeling insecure*
I have a bad feeling about it.
*Go for it!*
Wow, she's so adorable!
She encouraged me.
I'm encouraged now!
Aahh... Man...
Aaahh... Ahhh... Man...
Well...
... This kind of things happen sometimes, right?
I didn't have enough gems, so...
I bought more!
Tehee~
In that case, and lastly...
... I'll do the summoning that's limited to one time called "Start Dash: Divine Prison"
PLEASE! PLEASE!
Nidhog-chan!  Plea...!
Ah! Ah! Ah! The moon is red! That means...!
Ah, that's right, it's guaranteed that you'll get one character.
I'll be more than happy if I get more than 2.
And now...
Uuuuhhh!
Alright!
I wonder if I'll get a new character.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
AH! That's not what I wanted but...!
... Her breasts, her thighs and the line of her butt too...!
... They're amazing.
Ah, oh! Eh?
I already had it! ♪
Well, I had her, right?
*Let's have some fun.*
I had intentions of having fun, but...
In order to have fun with others...
... You have to have fun by yourself first...
... And, as I wasn't able to get Nidhog-chan... I didn't have fun, so...
Well, but even so...!
Even when I wasn't able to get another character, I raised the levels of my abilities. So I'm slowly gathering more power!
What do you think?
The content of this update is pretty interesting, isn't it?
Make sure to read the latest changes in the game, okay?
You'll be able to get gems if you read it completely.
Man, definitely...
A summoning where you can get a lot of cute girls make me feel excited, right?
Alright, alright, alright. Even if I didn't get Nidhog-chan...
... I got Amaterasu-chan, a new SSR character.
So I'll keep doing my best from now on!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you soon!